[Music]
good morning it's around 9 o'clock and
Martha's just join up in the vlog trying
to be in the vlog 907 okay it's 97 at
the moment and I've just been doing a
bit of a chemistry people I was marking
it and I did so badly on it it was
absolutely terrible
that is the night they remember I think
the saddest day of my life was when I
realized I could beat my dad at most
things and but experienced that first at
the age of four
[Music]
[Applause]
so I just went through my English
coursework and basically just edited
added annotations so that I can type up
my Corrections because I kind of want to
rewrite it I'm not too happy with it at
the moment so I'm just going to rewrite
it I was humming on my phone I turn up
the whole thing and it just ran out of
storage so I just had to delete some
things but I didn't realize until after
I'd finished so you only actually got to
see me editing the first paragraph which
is annoying actually got to go in Alba
cares I'm going to Christmas Fair it's
gonna get my desk packed up quickly and
I'm loving this new desk I need to put
away all of match with desk stuff when I
get back
I had a wonderful time at the Christmas
that I helped out on two stools and here
is just picture of me and two of my
friends fella and alack sir
better and I actually got these matching
glitter tattoos done which the year four
girls were doing and I also got this
lovely gingerbread cupcakes
I just finished editing final paragraph
of my coursework which I had for a turns
day before and then I just wrote up my
Corrections
[Music]
Oh
I've been working on my English
coursework since I got in which is 130
well I've just written my letter to
father Christmas because it's it's a
Christmas tradition and I don't think it
would feel like Christmas if I didn't
write one now I'm just gonna do some
Christmas shopping because I need to
order a few other presents specifically
for my teachers which will obviously
need to be here before I break up on
Wednesday so I'm going to do that now I
basically know what I do I get my
teachers I've got most of their presents
already but I'm just going to I know
that I already bought a few of things so
I'm just going to like you're untick the
ones I've already got and I like buying
people books so I'm looking on my
Goodreads to see which books I've
recently read which I could recommend I
don't like to get people books that I
haven't read because I don't think it
has that same personality to it
I feel like I'm really terrible at
Christmas shopping
I just spent about half an hour 20
minutes looking online for presents for
my teachers and I didn't manage to
settle on anything apart from one thing
which I already knew I was getting that
teacher
I've still got five teachers left to buy
for it's problematic
well I think I'm gonna go in actually
have a shower now and then I'm gonna get
to with some other pieces of black and I
also want to wrap up presents and write
cards this evening which I'm looking
forward to my dad's taken off the
showerhead in the shower and so it's
basically just a stream of water and I
haven't tried it since he took it out
he's thinking about keeping his
permanent thing because she has she
quite quite likes it after my shower I
finally got round to putting back all of
the things from my desk so I actually
sorted through everything because I
hadn't had a clear out of my desk for a
while and I thought this would be the
perfect time to do
[Music]
present my girl got me when we when I go
back for my interview with a pack of
Bertie Botts every flavor beans and I
heard one so far but I haven't heard
anything other and you're gonna just
quickly like have one or two on camera
though she tastes bad I told what is it
mmm-hmm
this was the grass one the grass one was
really good
I'm under the impression this one's
gonna be rotten egg
yeah bus definitely not a sweet one
because the outer shell isn't sweet it's
either
Elia wax will rotten egg and it doesn't
taste bad that's quite worrying I just
read up all of my journey's end notes
and honestly it took me such a long time
it's now half past eight but I'm really
glad because I've been able to go
through all of my notes and refine them
and write new notes and I'm just really
happy I think it was a really good use
of my time I'm sorry I didn't film it I
was actually doing it downstairs at the
kitchen table I've decided that I'm
going to do some Christmas present Rafi
No
[Music]
Here I am writing up a list of everyone
I would like to write a Christmas card
for this year I really wanted to write
Christmas cards for a lot of people at
school this year just because it's my
last year at school I just go through
the people in my year and then teachers
and girls in younger years and in the
end and my list was composed of about 65
people not including staff so that is a
lot of Christmas cards to write and I
started writing them here it actually
took me such a long time because I like
to write a little message for each
person I think Christmas cards and
letters in general are a great way for
us to spread positivity and that's why I
spent so long compiling mine I think I
only managed to write about 20 even
though I spent a whole hour writing them
[Music]
[Applause]
I'll show you the ones that I've written
so you use the ones I've written so far
unfortunately all of my cards are really
glittery and so I managed to get glitter
all over my desk and you might be able
to see it but I'll see if I can put it
on with the flash can you see it I'm
just going to wipe this down
for some reason I just keep on going to
bed so late and I don't even mean to I
feel like I'm the kind of person who if
I'm awake I'll just do as much as I can
do lose track of time but then I would
prefer to work in the morning and do the
same work then I think I'm just gonna
wake up really early tomorrow anyway
even though it's half 11:00 though
hopefully I'll see you early in the
morning tomorrow thank you for watching
and have a productive week